We’ve been asking people the question,
Where can we find
practical advice for daily living?
What are your thoughts?
Hmm, I don’t know.
Sometimes I ask my friends for advice
if I’m not sure what to do.
Thank you.
Friends can offer helpful advice,
that’s for sure.
This ancient book of wisdom
mentions another source.
Anna, would you please read for us
2 Timothy 3:16, 17?
Sure.
It says: “All Scripture is inspired of God
“and beneficial for teaching, for reproving,
“for setting things straight,
“for disciplining in righteousness,
“so that the man of God
may be fully competent,
completely equipped for every good work.”
Thank you.
So did you see in those verses
how the Scriptures, or God’s Word,
can help us?
Um, it says: “teaching, . . . disciplining.”
Exactly.
And what do the Scriptures equip us for?
“Every good work”?
Exactly! You got it.
The Bible can help us to improve our lives.
For instance, how can we deal with stress?
How can we enjoy our work?
Or how can our families be happy?
The Bible comments on all of those topics.
Wow!
I thought it was just a religious book.
Many people aren’t aware
of the Bible’s practical value.
Other people say that the Bible
is full of myths or legends.
The next time I stop by, I’d like to discuss
why we can trust the Bible.
Will you be home again next week
at this time?
Yeah, I should be around.
Great! Do you text?
If you’d like, I can send you
a text before I come.
OK.